George H: I thought, you're muted. It's not bad. Okay? I thought it was red. Okay, can you say that part again?
George H: It loudly, oh, yeah. So discord is a place where you can connect more casually with people all around the world. Love session on that and universe. I think in week 2, or wherever it is in the calendar. And then by Friday you should have universe access. If you don't let me know, I'll put it on like the to do list for week 2, where it's like, make sure your university.
George H: Okay, if you have questions from the beginning that's not recorded, just ask me again, so shout out to discord. You should talk about how? David? Yeah. Oh, yeah. So so, David, I think, frequents discord more than most of us, myself included. So if you want feedback or advice from him, that's a great place to go. So I think everyone's crazy for not taking advantage of that, because, like, he's literally readily available.
George H: I think our founders are just working on the discord. Not a lot of other programs like make it a priority. I like to make it a priority. It's completely separate from our program that's to connect with the global tech search network. But you can put an ask on there like, Hey, I need help with this, and out of actually help. There are 3,000 alums, and they help. They'll actually respond. And you can respond to help. And then, like Neil, said, David Cohen's on there, and we'll actually respond.
George H: Okay, founder fund is awesome for you guys, cause that's always held in the Bay Area.
George H: It's usually around like November. Sometimes it's in October. I think it's going to be in November this year. I haven't heard. Okay. Next year, so it'll be great because you guys will go as alumni. So Foundercon is for alumni, and it's a whole conference that we throw just for Texas alumni.
George H: We put on relevant sessions sessions that the founders usually find really helpful, like Mds will run sessions. It's also for you guys to meet each other. Do. You guys will meet people who went through all of their programs from around the world and connect and find ways to help each other. So everyone who comes find that super valuable. So keep an eye out. We'll post in base camp once you guys are alumni.
George H: And then, Mark, there are other things like you've already seen. There are a bunch of events that happen constantly before we started program. Dave was there. We had an alumni mixer here at the Github Headquarters, which is pretty cool. It's also up to you all to become the pioneers of a local chapter. You're the 1st San Francisco City program ever in the history of textile. So you all are starting the community.
George H: So I think that's a really special and unique thing to to have the responsibility to manage. But also.
George H: I think there's a lot of curiosity and like, wonder about you, all these companies, and who these people, and what's up with techsars in San Francisco. So I highly encourage you all to take advantage of that. You know, initial awareness.
George H: This is important, so
George H: I don't feel the need to harp on this, because we've never really had any issues. We do a very good job at selecting you guys. But
George H: you represent us. So you already saw when we were out there the tech Stars alum saw us. And it's like, Oh, I'm an alumni. Everyone's gonna recognize. You see you within this office and outside of this office, in this office there are like a hundred 50 other companies that have been excited to have tech stars here. Maybe they aspire to be in tech stars. Maybe they're just aware you guys are representing us while you're here. And while you're outside, at any sort of event.
George H: while you're in your day-to-day life.
George H: So show your tech stars, cry, wear your swag, take pictures, you know, promote us. I was gonna say that every tech stars program isn't the same. However.
George H: there's something really important about how we, as a class, conduct ourselves and carry ourselves in this community.
George H: And, like Liliana, said, we've never had a problem with this. But I just want to make the point very clear, because, especially being in the Bay Area now for a year.
George H: your reputation precedes you and being affiliate with techsars is one thing, but also just as your company and as you all as founders. So when you interact in this community, one of the opportunities for differentiation is very clearly just like.
George H: I don't know decorum like just being like a friendly, warm, pleasant person to be around. Give 1st helpful. There are some plenty of places, this included where there's transactional energy. There's people who are, you know, doing more of the negative side of moving through this space. So I want you all to
George H: to understand the power of bringing like
George H: goodness and good energy into every room you step into.
George H: Because that means a lot for us. And I think I hear from investors, from founders who go to meetups and whatnot, and they go. They met the tech stars, you know, founders there. And wow, like, you guys are really like, cool, really interesting, or a lot of fun to to learn from or work with. So I think
George H: it. It's like a very subtle thing, but at the same time that can actually lead to like the final step of a commitment of a yes, of an introduction.
George H: So all those things that you ultimately want you get for free. If you bring that energy into every room and space you operate. So I think we'll get that. Yeah. And it's attracting good people to be in our network. We've already heard from people. We can tell you guys are different, like, you have good people in your network. I want to. I want to be a mentor for these companies. I want to lend my time, because this is a good group to hang out with. We've already gotten comments like that, but also don't do stuff you wouldn't want all over the news meaning like
George H: out here. There are actual tech journalists, things, things we've never dealt with in Chicago that they'll write about stuff, and they're looking for things to write about which is kind of rude, but it's true, it's true. And so just be aware of that.
George H: They, you know, you have eyes on you, which is great, because that means you guys are flourishing as businesses. Well, the dark side of it is like what they what? Unfortunately, we've learned this firsthand. What they care about
George H: seem to be clicks
George H: and not
George H: truth. So there seems to be times where something can be misconstrued or miscommunicated. If it's catchy enough. If it's compelling enough, it gets presented in an interesting light.
George H: So just be really mindful of that. They're out here.
George H: Yeah. And I think that the respectful part is in 2 ways. So you guys should always treat others with respect. I don't want to hear about any sort of instances. At events, events outside of Texas. We're not there. And you guys are not being someone, or there is an issue. But also, if you guys ever feel that someone's not being respectful to you. Hopefully, it's not within this class. But talking about our network in general, let us know, because we what we call bench. But it's like kind of like putting them on the block list.
George H: We do that every program there are people like if someone, it's a no tolerance policy. So we're constantly pruning our network. Don't be afraid to reach out to us. Yeah, we're always refining who we let in, because when we hear the wrong thing from at least more than one person, or we look into what one person told us, and
George H: figure that out we end up like kind of
George H: to help us through that. Alright. Any questions about this? This is very important.
George H: Yes. So when you mentioned the weekly updates, are, we gonna learn more about?
George H: And we have. We have more here, too? Yeah, that's why I said, we have a whole online. But that's also what we said, like our month, our regular monthly updates, like, I'll get into the new. Okay?
George H: Oh, wait any other questions.
George H: This, the next force is the same thing. Okay, yeah. So our values, like Luke said a thousand times, and giving birth is also to your class. So I don't really want to see anybody here who's only taking.
George H: It's very clear if there's someone here that's like only asking for things or only popping into things when it's helpful for them. You're all here to be community members to the other 19. If you found there are about 20 of you. So each one of you should be giving and take.
George H: Dei is really important to us.
George H: Do you want to go kind of the extreme to talk about how it's yeah. When I joined tech stars 5 years ago, it was a very different company, and it looked very different like
George H: this room in particular.
George H: This is.
George H: I would say, a very diverse group of people. The majority of Techsar's classes in the company itself did not look like this one.
George H: So I'm really proud of the company, because over time they just got serious and said, You know what like we haven't really taken that seriously. We haven't applied a lot of effort here, and we're going to start doing that. And I joined right around the time when that conversation happened, and since, looking back like, I think we've done it, I think we have a very diverse company and a set of investments that we've made now made like we have, I think.
George H: over 4,000 companies now in the portfolio, and I think we
George H: have one of the most diverse portfolios on Earth.
George H: For that very reason. So, and the data to show it.
George H: Yes, specifically, in a lot of categories. But I like specifically with women. That's something that our former CEO, my alcohol, had said, that we are one of the top investors in the early stage female founders, which is really cool. The thing I would like to call out, here is we support, if you need to miss due to religious holidays or other consideration. So we've had a lot of
George H: I I'm not sure what this program interacts with, but if there are religious holidays, you need to go and observe, we'll just make sure to accommodate that. There are some times that I just need to miss full weeks. I'd add one more thing about diversity. This isn't on the record for text articles on the books, but for for us, I think
George H: we don't just value like diversity in the sense of how you look or who you are or what you believe, but also just like
George H: your ideas and perspectives, so that that, like the intellectual diversity, is like, I think, one of the biggest things that we value
George H: in this in this program specifically, and I'm sure others, too. But I don't want to speak for anyone else. But for us like.
George H: I care mostly about who you are on the inside.
George H: and valuing like discourse and being respectful of each other's points of that's right. We're having people come from all over the world, and all different backgrounds, and sometimes for other people who haven't experienced this set of diversity. It's it's kind of jarring. And so we like to coach people through like. There will be a lot of discourse or disagreements, because you all are so different. But you should take it as well. I'm getting exposed to so many new ideas rather than this person conflicts with something I believe right.
George H: I can't emphasize that enough. There will be different points of view and opinions and perspectives. And we should respect everyone's
George H: okay. So I I think it's actually kind of funny. We have a, we have. We have a Presidential election during this program? Right? Get a little spicy. It's getting a little spicy. So just be ready, you know. Just be open like I for me like I
George H: I don't know. I'm all. I'm all over the place, so I'm I can have a conversation within and not take offense, but amazing, like positive discourses during that time. So it's much more intellectual than any sort of opinionated personal issues here. But I'll only speak for myself here.
George H: There's nothing I'm not willing to talk about.
George H: Okay. So I'll talk to any of you about any, and you should feel free that we can have a trust.
George H: open, even confidential conversation.
George H: any questions or concerns here.
George H: Okay for programming. I want to take this moment for some house rules. So the way that we've set it up here you got the full tour of galvanized, but for our 2 suites this is Suite 312, and your founder in the suite 309
George H: suite, 309 is key coded. So you guys should keep that door shut to respect each other's belongings, and everyone should just memorize the code. It's 5, 4, 3, 0. I keep going down. 5, 4, 3, 0. It's on base camp. You should just write it in your phone 5, 4, 3 0. That should stay close that way. You guys all feel safe to leave yourself there. And that's just your little home base. You can work in there as long as you're not disturbing other people. You can talk as much as you need, and then
George H: you can use the rest of the space. This space, when we're not in classes, when we're not when we're not in workshops. This is our staff. This is not a space for founders to work. This is for us to take our staff meetings. We might pull you in if we have a quick, you know confidential thing. We need to talk to you about, but otherwise you guys are only in here during workshops, and there's a sign on the door. But and it's okay. You already missed this. But from now on, this is gonna be drinks only in this room just to keep it nice. No food. You guys can have as much food as you want in your space.
George H: Drinks coffee, water, everything's fine in here. Just no food.
George H: It'll be less sickening up as well. When we are not in in person programming. This is also still going to be the staff room, and you want to respect the staff that are in here. So
George H: they're not just in here for you guys to come in and kind of like poke around and ask questions every hour of the day, because they have work to do, too, so kind of just being respectful as if it's it's an office right? So knocking on the door like Chloe, Acadena, and George Kevin. They'll all be in here, so if you need something, you can just knock and ask if they have a second they might be on call, just be respectful. Because sometimes we get into the habit of just always asking members, but they will be working here during the virtual weeks.
George H: Yeah, question, sorry, this is 3, 4. This is 3, 4. Yep.
George H: we we do need your
George H: input, we're trying to figure out how to make this room in particular, a little bit more
George H: inviting chloe was here over the weekend kind of
George H: I I have a small vendetta against this concrete wall in particular, I really hate it. I don't know. The other problem is, it's really rough. So it's really hard to stick anything with weight to it. So it needs to basically be like an unframed poster. But if anyone has any ideas well, that being said, they just have to look at us up here. So they're looking at the wall. So
George H: maybe better for each program.
George H: We also have stickers of all your numbers. Don't keep getting better, you know. It's already really nice over there that the team has been working for 2 weeks.
George H: It'll just keep getting enhanced every time you come back. Any other questions about how we're going to do house rules here.
George H: I have one other comment on house rules. So we all have different levels of how we carry ourselves, too. So I've learned this in all these programs. So you know, people in past tech starts classes, not this group. I've had to teach founders literally how to sneeze.
George H: Okay, where to wipe your hands? Okay, like, out of state, like. So you know, it's just human stuff, right? So I can't expect everyone to know. Okay, don't put your feet on the desk shoes on, you know. Things like that that seems crazy to some people right, but not everybody behaves in the same way, so I'm just saying it. In general. Respect the space, respect the furniture, keep things clean and about yourself. Push your chair in when you get up, take your drinks whatever. No one's gonna clean up.
George H: So just take care of this space like it's your own office, and please stay home. If you're sick. We have had last program. Particularly, we had a big problem. People kept coming while they were sick, and they got other people sick, and a bunch of people would miss. We stream everything. So just tell us that you're sick. Remember our last extra Chicago class. Oh, yeah. So the day before Demo day we're sitting in a room like this
George H: right? And then I got the day before I got a call from one of our team members who I won't name. He's not in this room
George H: and she's like I
George H: have, Covid. And she was with us at a party the night before, and I was like, oh, so I had to like, shut down the room. I went immediately to the store, bought like 30 tests, and made everyone sit there and do it.
George H: and only one person in the room had it, and that person was sneezing the night before, too. So it was scary, because Demo Day would have been cancelled.
George H: because the whole group could have got that was scary.
George H: That was not. No, no, we made it.
George H: It was a great demo dude.
George H: So
George H: yeah, okay.
George H: program. Timeline. So a couple of people asked this. I'm not sure exactly who was. I think it was Congressville.
George H: This is like a good breakdown. Did you guys have a chance to check out week 7 through 9.
George H: Yeah. But
George H: that was like a maybe yeah, 7 through 9. And I'll just contextualize this as Liliana explains it just know that like
George H: this is, the every program has its own shape that gets form. So there's what we bring in and what we think is going to be helpful. And then, as we go week over week, we have conversations with you. We learn what's going on. We see what people need. And then we go. Okay, let's add in something else. Let's bring in someone else. Let's do something different. So we always iterate and respond to the needs of the particular class that we're working.
George H: So just know that. Don't look at it as like a. This is the program, and it's static because it's not.
George H: It's always iterate. It's very iterative.
George H: Who's team member is Val? That's fine. Oh, great. Yeah. Well, welcome, Val. Okay, so month one is in person like this. We also do arena week next week, and then we do mentor madness. So it's really just introduction and loads of workshops, just giving you all the
George H: valuable resources as quickly as possible. Just front load again. Month 2. It does build and sell. We call it growth month.
George H: That's growth hacking. That's sales that's marketing. That's product. That's really taking the iteration or the implications of all the insights you gathered in month one and then doing it. And it's also testing all the assumptions and doing the experimentation that we talked about last week. And then month 3 is getting ready for demo day and beyond, and then and beyond is fundraising, gaining more customers. Anything like that. So the sales continues through month 3. But most of the programming will be demo day, prep, pitch, prep
George H: demo video, like, product, video, crap and fundraising crap. Yeah, by the by, the midpoint of the program, you'll be in a rhythm.
George H: You'll know what you're getting out of it. What makes sense? What routines like, you know? You'll you'll set in and we'll start to ease up our like
George H: programming a little bit. So you can kind of decide where you're going to apply your energy. I would say, week 7. That's where you get the rhythm week 7 to 13. It's everything is the same again through a routine up through week 6. It is going to be different.
George H: and tech starts. Alumni is kind of like the month 4. And beyond which is
George H: you start implementing the things that you learned and you keep us updated and we help you. We help you with your goals, and we stay in touch. And then you join the alumni community and you get help from them. So that's that's what you have to look forward to.
George H: Okay, Larry, do you want to come up here? Yeah. So last night I posted about our book club.
George H: So like.
George H: okay, so there are details. Up on the base camp. Hq. Decide by Thursday. If you want to join Book Club and then in your company to do. There's a little form you fill out in in line with Neil's love of poker. There's a little deposit. You get it back once you finish the books and do the discussions.
George H: We put it to 20. But I don't want to take that much of your money. Almost everyone got it back right? Yeah.
George H: yeah, it's just a you know. It's just a little placeholder just to make it real. People like to say that they're going to read a book, and then they don't. So now you're accountable. I will say most people that don't join do regret it later, because, like
George H: people will start discussing the things that they had a discussion in in the Book club, and then they'll be left out. Oh, I wish I did that, and it's kind of hard to join later. I mean, this group already started their own Book Club. They had, like 3 posts on the thread already joined the book, club or not, demand side sales was required.
George H: Yeah. So you guys demand side sales is now required. But that's also the 1st book in the book club. So there will be a discussion with that. And then there were other ones that will be happening. Like, do you want to plug any of the other books? I mean it's connected to how we're trying to evolve you throughout the program. So the main side sales
George H: and then it's shape up. Yeah. So shape up was written by a very, very like close friend of mine, Ryan Singer. And I saw him like kind of put that book together along with demands. I sell to Bob. So these are people who I know the authors of these books, and I've worked with them to put this material together. That is, I think
George H: once you understand the job, and you're trying to improve on products one of the best. And like.
George H: I don't know. It's kind of like a hidden, you know, in plain sight, secret technique. Now for product development. So I'm excited to share that with anybody interested in doing that.
George H: All great books depending on like availability and sort of the vibes. We might be able to do it up on the rooftop. But we'll see
George H: another thing, mentor madness. So on the calendar from September 23rd to October second, about these giant all day blocks. What's gonna happen is each of you will be assigned a group group A, B or C which is 9 Am. To 11 Am. 12 to 2 or 3 to 5
George H: and you'll be in that same group for that 2 h block the entire time. So each of those days you'll have 2 h same every day, if you have any major commitments that would prevent you from doing one or or like any of those groups. Let me know whether that's the time zone, or any like conferences you've got. Let me know as soon as possible. Because we've already got bookings coming, and we want to make those groups as soon as possible.
George H: But like by tomorrow, if you don't like Chloe, know by tomorrow, because we already are scheduling people, we're going to expect you to cancel your commitment and come to Metroland. So that's how important this is. Yeah, people are lending their time absolutely. So. Just ping me on base camp with anything you've got, and I'll get back to you, and we'll sort something out. This is for weeks 3 and 4. So like, we have one company that's going to a conference, for example.
George H: yeah.
George H: and then community events, Google Calendar. I'm putting together a little Google calendar of things that people like want you guys at basically a lot of people reach out to me. They're like, you want to see tech source founders. There's an event where someone wants a couple of you to come pitch stuff like that. I'm just gonna pop on the Google Calendar. I'll post it in base camp for you to join. It's often. Only if you're interested, no obligation. So the program calendar will be all the stuff we kind of expect you at
George H: and then this secondary calendar will be totally optional, depending on where you are, availability level of interest. And if you have any events that you're like excited about, or know the people organizing or want to boost for other people. Let me know. Well, just another comment about those community events, and beyond
George H: continuing with that theme of us being like this 1st class needing to establish things.
George H: We are trying our best to do the same work that you need to do here.
George H: So we're all here together, getting started. So being new to the community in San Francisco.
George H: it's both an opportunity, but also a major challenge, to introduce ourselves to be, as in as many places as we can. So we have a lot of work to do, and you all are probably going to be a part of that as well. So let's help each other out. And like, build all the connections we can. It's exciting, but it's also a challenge which is kind of
George H: different than probably a lot of the more established communities and players that are here. So just understand that context going into it.
George H: I'll also add on that that I think I had something like 2 or 3 of them tonight, and it's great networking. I'll reshare them for everybody. But I definitely would suggest at least signing up for it and seeing if there's something that would be interesting for you. Yeah. So that's in base camp. If you go to the docs and files in Hq.
George H: In person resources. Sf. Guide. All those newsletters are in there.
George H: If you want to make it separate from Sylvia, that's that's awesome
George H: in the Hq
George H: calendar. Again, I'm going to post it on Facebook later today. Any other questions for Chloe.
George H: Okay, thank you. That's all
George H: great.
George H: Okay. So a standard week, like I said, it's gonna be kind of hectic. Usually we get into a rhythm in week 6. But because of as of tech week we're going to get into our rhythm in week 7 is what it'll it'll end up being, and you'll see some of these before we get there. It just won't be on a weekly cadence until we get to Week 7,
George H: so you'll have an nd round table. This is the standard week for all of Texas. But I'll tell you what ours is. You'll have Md. Round table with Neil every other week, and the weeks that you don't have that you're going to have 12 by 12, which is, you'll see this Friday. It's kind of like a round table when we talk about the week. That's for all foundational, Ceos. And then I'm sorry. Can I explain that a little bit? So we made a change to this last program? Just so, you know, it used to be. Every week
George H: we had a check in, and every week we had the 12 by 12,
George H: and what we learned from the founders was that that was a lot.
George H: It was in excess. So basically, we had this big group session in the beginning of the week, and another one at the end of the week, and it was clear like there wasn't as much of a delta, so we've offset them week over week. We give you back some time, and now we have more meaningful things to share every other week, as we gather. So that's why we made that change.
George H: Yeah. And then you'll basically have workshops every single day of the week, and then on Mondays for our program. It's Mondays. You also have kpis with your eirs. So this is more of a standard week, and I'll get off the slide in a second, because it's not exactly accurate to our program. Our program is we take a lot of pride in the pedagogical nature of it, so like exactly what we have when has been extremely iterated over the past few programs past few 12 programs.
George H: So it's not as general as like a safe week in another program that may have just started. It's extremely thought out. And that that's why there are differences here.
George H: You're gonna have a whole workshop for me about mentor madness on Friday, which is one of my favorite workshops for you guys here. But just already. Since you're gonna meet some mentors on Thursday.
George H: I'd like to introduce the concept of mentor whiplash. So the idea of this think about like you're not getting whiplash. You know what you're sent in one direction. Then you're sent in the other direction. A lot of people come here wanting mentors to be extremely prescriptive. And just you just come here because you want answers, and you want the experts to just tell you what to do. And that is not what you're going to get here. So already, just take that desire out of your heart. It's never gonna happen. There will be. Yeah. Well, they're gonna gravitate to people who do that. So just so, you know, like.
George H: you're gonna think you're gonna disproportionately index for those that speak with extreme confidence. They're gonna go. This is what you need to do, I know and like here's why, and they're going to be real like on it.
George H: But resist the temptation that is wrong with that. You need to gather data and perspectives, and I will be annoyed first, st because I've learned that hard lesson to not be overconfident, and what I think you should do.
George H: because sometimes you end up listening to me over what you think would be best, and I don't want that
George H: so. And I I just really want you to know that they, most of the mentors you meet
George H: don't have the same context that I do where I've worked with 150 companies now. So I have the the understanding of the implications of being too confident with what you're advising someone.
George H: So I'm trying to teach you all this because I always have founders who come in like, yeah, I want all the feedback, or like, I can take it, or whatever they go into this. And they come out like, you know, like, you don't feel good because, like their business basically got picked apart for 2 weeks. Right? You got asked really tough questions. You've never been asked before. So it is a true journey that we have to do a lot of work to make sure you're prepared.
George H: So there! There's the prescriptive issue that people, most of the mentors will be like Neil, and not tell you exactly what to do, but give you some advice on what you could do or could consider like it says it's hard you have to synthesize all the data. There are also mentors like you saying that will tell you exactly what to do, and kind of be your like. You know your your leader with a halo around them like Wow! But try not to like fall into only listening to those people. It'll be hard because we see it every time.
George H: But outside of that everyone's going to have a different opinion. So, no matter where they fall in that spectrum, they will tell you completely different things. And that's on purpose. So we have diverse perspectives from all different experiences to tell you guys different things. And the whole point is that I always say you guys are the captain of your own ship.
George H: and no one else is. So everyone else is just giving you like optional advice on where to go, but only you are at the home. No one else should be steering your ship. You guys are in charge of your own companies, including us. And we don't want to. It's up to you guys. And that also means you have to own your own mistakes, which is the downside, and a lot of founders don't want that. But the accountability is a big part of running. Yeah, one of the worst things that can happen. And I've seen this happen is if the business is struggling or you're going through a rough patch
George H: don't externalize. The problem
George H: because what will happen is, you have this really helpful thing to go? Oh, I'm in techsar techsar's fault. My business is working textiles isn't helping me with it, you know, like it's what we're not doing, and that doesn't look good like. I mean, we won't say anything like you, you know, give us feedback and all that, but like, just know that you have to stand in your own shoes
George H: right as your business, and it won't look good if you start to point at other things. As to the reason why, like, especially with founders, though. Oh, it's all the investors fault. They didn't give me enough money. They didn't give me money fast enough. They didn't do this for me. If it's always someone else. That's the problem you some point you wake up in the morning. Look in the mirror. Right? So just be mindful of that, and I have one final trick to share on this subject, which is when you're meeting with people. One of the magical phrases lies a question with.
George H: it's in your experience.
George H: You start things off by asking about in your experience all of a sudden you're forcing them to draw from what they actually know
George H: rather than like making stuff up. Or I read it in a book once, or I. I think this is what people are saying on Twitter, you know, like, I don't want any of that. I want real experience, and if they don't have it, that's okay. Say, I don't know. Like, if I'm if people ask me things and I don't know about it, or I'm not educated enough. I'll go. Let me find someone who is
George H: because I can't know everything, and nor can anyone else that you're gonna talk to. But some people make you think
George H: so. Be mindful of that.
George H: Any questions here.
George H: We're almost done.
George H: So. We're an hour. We're an hour. So I I talked about this a little bit. We call them Gmp, global network partners. They're awesome. You guys went to that like showcase, or some of you did. It's also recorded. So I think, oh, did you post the Gmp showcase recording cool. So we posted the recording.
George H: They're awesome. They're basically just here to help you. They make a partnership with techstars. They get access to you. So that's what they get.
George H: We get access to their perks and all of their stuff. But it's not just perks and discounts like it's on Texas universe.
George H: Gmps are like another level. So we have, like hundreds of Perks and people give discounts. Gmps are like here to help you, so they'll run sessions. They'll sometimes sponsor events or cool stuff.
George H: and a good example. I told you guys last week is like aws, who already gives you guys an amazing discount. They're gonna come and bring their engineers to give you guys like Code Walkthroughs of your products, which is awesome, so different things like that. So here are the Gmps who are the new ones, or excuse? Step down. We just Hsbc. And
George H: I've been talking to a lot of people about cloud credits. We have a new deal with Google as of today, where we have better credit offerings and much more involvement from their reps. So we're gonna have sessions at like Google's offices throughout program. It's gonna be cool. We've got some really great people on Google's team who are really excited about you guys specifically, since you're so nearby, all of their offices.
George H: There's a new session that's gonna pop up in week 2 where we're gonna have an intro with those reps. And they're going to be like, you're gonna have a dedicated person to speak to who like has you guys on priority for getting cloud credits.
George H: Or, if you prefer, aws, cloud credits around. There is also amazing. And she'll be at the happy hour on Thursday for you guys to meet her, whichever one you prefer. We've got really great people on both sides.
George H: That's
George H: so like I said, they'll host office hours. They'll give us free stuff like Rex usually sends us like a good look at Demo day package where you get like swag. They're all just awesome. They're also humans, though, so not everyone's the same.
George H: Just to be clear, like some reps are dope and like fun to hang out with fun to talk to, and great, and every now and then you might meet somebody who is new to the job, and they're figuring things out, or they don't know how to add as much value. Yet all they know is to talk about what they're offering. So just be mindful of that. You'll get a variety of like benefit and value, and maybe every time won't be the same.
George H: That's true. Some people do feel like the partners are selling to them, but that's kind of the point, like, it's a mutually beneficial relationship. It's not just for them to serve you. So that's what I try to remind people like, it's a partnership. It's not just people giving you stuff so both ways, right? And if you're not interested, that's fine. But there's still a lot to like, you know, give, give you some info on their offer. We don't expect you all to engage them beyond it being beneficial to you. So yeah.
George H: both.
George H: Okay. Oh, more households
George H: interesting. This one is like real house. Alright. So I sent you guys the code of conduct. On base camp. It's in the dots and files. So you guys are being held to that. You're expected to read it. If you have not Re, read it, I would make sure that you read it.
George H: And that's part of like the stuff you already signed. So that's very important that you know what you're being held to. You guys shouldn't have any problem upholding that. But I I think it's important that you know what you are signing up for.
George H: Texas has a 0 tolerance policy for severe things like violence or discrimination. Also things like harassment, anything like that. If you ever feel like that, you should talk to Neil and I, we have experience helping people through that stuff, and stuff that we want to know. So you can confidentially come, tell us you should feel able to tell us any sort of issues that might come up. It's nothing we haven't heard before. We want to make sure you guys are all comfortable.
George H: Yeah.
George H: trying to think about what to add, I think just especially. Don't tell people we said this. But out here in the bay we've had a lot more issues than we did in our nice midwestern Chicago. True, it's very true, or look surprised. The Bay Area has like a. It has a reputation for having people out here. It's it's just larger. It's just dramatically larger. The community, the people that they so with when you have more people, you're gonna have
George H: more strangeness, right? And ultimately more problems and also more opportunities. So we, it has been an interesting challenge to navigate people going to certain community events, meeting certain people who say certain things in certain ways that we're not used to having to coach founders through navigating or dealing.
George H: So that's part of it. The other part of it is, just know, like we're throwing a lot at you about how to be and what to do. I know it's a lot, and you all are startups, and you have a lot to think about. I will say, though
George H: I think the plan is for most of y'all, if not only all to grow businesses.
George H: So your companies need these same policies in place as you bring people in to your organization. So just know that we're just giving you the like, the rails or the framework, to start building your own business around all these important policies to be mindful of. So it's a lot for you now, because you are more agile. You don't have to worry about as much of this, but you will soon. So just embrace a lot of these constraints, because I think it'll only help you over time.
George H: The calendar. You guys are
George H: required to make sure that you're looking at the Google Calendar every day. Sometimes there are very small changes that might even be made within like 2448 h. We try to avoid that. But the Google Calendar will be completely up to date at like in real time. So make sure that you're looking at that.
George H: Remember, you're also expected to let us know if you have a conflict. So we're not looking for you. We do have a small enough number that, like, we're head counting every time. So we're looking for you. We will wait to start something sometimes waiting for you, and if you are in another meeting, it's not super considerate. Because we do do that like
George H: care and consideration for you guys, usually Liliana, or I will step out of the meeting when it starts to check in on whoever's not there, that we thought would be there
George H: so just let us know beforehand. So we're not looking for and then also it doesn't say this here, because this is for tech stars globally. But you're also expected to check Base camp every day, especially the announcements
George H: so pretty much every day. Once we're once we start program, there will be an announcement that you guys are expected to have read we try not to spam you. We really only posted super important stuff, and we kind of act as a filter for you guys.
George H: So we're getting a lot of inbound. And we just choose what's the most important. So please make sure that you read and stay updated on, especially the Hq. That's where all the announcements will be in the message board. If you're not, it's going to become really clear, because you will not be in the right place or not know something that should be obvious, and we'll have to let you know you need to be reading base camp
George H: for virtual engagement, which
George H: will be a lot of the program. I'm calling it remote, accessible. A lot of you will be in here.
George H: We're not going to be streaming it like like we are right now. But you guys will be all here. So if you want to book a conference room, you can watch the virtual sessions together and like zoom in on a camera. We had people do that last program. Other people will be zooming in from, you know other countries or from their homes in other places, which is completely fine. That's the whole point of remote accessible. So everyone has lives for investor meetings, things to do, and you can go do all of that while still attending program for those months.
George H: Just make sure that you don't fall off on your engagement. So you guys are all super engaged and attentive right now, there's a temptation. We haven't had this problem in a while, because people are used to zoom now, but there's a temptation to multitask. Be less engaged. Oh, it's on Zoom, I'm not, you know, as responsible for being here and engaged and asking questions, but really cheating yourself, because this is the only time you're going to be in program.
George H: So make sure that every single session you're making the most of it, engaging with the speaker, really listening, doing the exercises. Live because you're going to regret it later. If you don't.
George H: I think people think that they can
George H: multitask way more than they actually.
George H: And we all know this. You all know this, but it happens so much, especially on Zoom, where people will. You know you've got your message. You got slack. You got whatever in the background your email? Oh, I just need to take this one thing. I will warn you right now that when you meet Troy for his financial modeling workshop.
George H: like he doesn't play that at all like he literally will like make sure that you are engaged or paying attention, and if not like, they'll ask you to leave so. But that being said like, just be mindful that it's about respect.
George H: So if any of you all were to deliver a session, some of you will, but we always have founders who end up doing workshops themselves to help the rest of the class.
George H: Wouldn't it be kind and respectful for the people who are there to like.
George H: you know, actually give them their attention like it's a gift. So it's just for for us. It's a sensitive thing, because, like we're recording the session. So if you can't be there because your attention should be elsewhere. Put your attention elsewhere and come back, or just watch the recording, but it's just super important and meaningful to us that every founder who joins our our sessions are fully engaged.
George H: It really changes the experience for every workshop.
George H: and also
George H: the sometimes the people who are presenting happen to be mentors or investors or door openers, and they notice the people who are engaged versus people who are passive or not engaged, and sometimes they'll notice you to the point where they're curious about, and they want to get to know you better. So I've seen that happen, too, where people who are observing Who's who's around end up wanting to support them?
George H: For the sessions you mentioned that are going to be both virtual and workshop. Will that be noted on the Google Calendar event.
George H: So only week, one week, 6, and week. So everything other than that will be like, yeah. So like, if I'm presenting, I'll be on zoom from my house, or the host will also be on zoom. Okay, there's 1 exception, which is the Monday of week 6
George H: that one the host actually wants to come in person. But we're not technically in person that day. That'll be an optional. People want to see it in person, but everyone else can view it virtually. There's 1 day where that is not the case. Otherwise. Week, one week, 6 and week 13. We're here like this.
George H: and people can also stream. Otherwise it's all just streamed. Okay, you guys are here together. So you guys can put it up on. There's a TV in your room like in your founder. You can put it up there. Whatever you guys want to do. Be creative. It's up to you.
George H: But you can also do it from your house.
George H: And that's really that has increased the accessibility greatly. So we're one of the only programs that does this kind of like hybrid model. We're technically an in person program because we have the office full time. Right? We have the budget to give you guys this space.
George H: But it became super hectic. The 1st time we tried to do in person. In 2020 people had things to do. People need to fly to take meetings. You need to go see family, for whatever reason. And then they would miss full programming because it wasn't like this. There was no streaming. It's just you're here or you're not here, and they just get handwritten notes. And that's it. So this is
George H: much more living in the future, and allowing the way that the world works right now to happen. There's there's companies and founders that we would have never been able to invest in had it not been for this structure and model. And also
George H: we've had to push back sometimes with certain forces within the organization about
George H: the butts and seats. Kind of
George H: intense. So yeah, not really into that. So I I'm not a subscriber that a program is better because you make everyone show up every day in person
George H: that that for me means nothing.
George H: What that means is that's the only way you can get people to participate or engage, because that's a response like zoom, people don't pay attention, or they're passive. Everything I just said is like how we're able to have the culture that we do where there's a lot of flexibility with where you're going to be, but the same time still full engagement.
George H: It's a really really difficult culture to maintain. And most programs struggle significantly with this. So we take significant pride in like being able to do that. But it's largely up to you to like, continue letting that happen for us exactly. There's a lot of trust in you guys because we don't. I see that
George H: like I see that personally, I can't speak for now as much more running the high school where, like, we need to see you guys and see, you guys are adults. But that trust us needs to be there. Yeah, yeah, it definitely feels more punitive sometimes. Where are you put some seats? Type of thing. I'm almost up. No, you guys are more than capable.
George H: So this is my one of my favorite spots of your families today. So it's a big journey, and you only got here because of them 1st of all, and they're going to be supporting you from now on, so make sure you thank them. Make sure they understand your commitment. We told you guys this when we gave you the offer. I'm going to say it again.
George H: Make sure they know it's only temporary, but you will be extremely consumed for the next 13 weeks, right like this week. You can already. See, we're like back to back into the evening. Don't neglect them if something happens, and you do feel like, Hey, I need to slow down a little bit and focus on my family. We've had some founders come to us like my wife feels neglected. I can't come tomorrow. She just needs me to be with her for a day. And and
George H: and he came back with the biggest smile on his face and finished the program. Like your families are everything, and it's not just significant. Others, whoever's supporting you
George H: friends, parents, anything like that make sure that you don't. They understand, and that you have their support, because that's the only way you're going to get through this. I'm actually curious. Did anyone like have a conversation with
George H: family, or whoever is important to you when you started your business to explain the most. Yeah, you see. So you all know this. You know this. You you sit down here like, look, I'm about to do something crazy. Okay? So things are, gonna get a little a little hectic, right? So if you need to have that conversation, we're encouraging you to have it if you need to have it again, because things are about to get a little bit more intense, at least temporarily. Do that. But you will need support. It's very important. So you all will support each other as a group, but also those other folks who you have known your whole lives.
George H: vitamin d.
George H: A lot of people use them as accountability. So it's like, Hey, I'm going to be doing something really hard. You notice I'm not sleeping or eating. And I'm not exercising like, let me know, stuff like that.
George H: And also just being there as like a more support. Yeah, guys.
George H: it'll get hard. It's all smiles now. But in the middle of program you're gonna want that support. It's true it is
George H: alright.
George H: And this is very important. I think we added this right that Brad lines, not dots. You guys are going to meet Brad tomorrow. Is he coming in for some? No, okay. Brad is like an Og team, member of mine and meals. We started together at 6 Chicago, all 3 in 2,020, and this is like Brad's tagline. But it's also something we just deeply.
George H: You're not here for any specific
George H: place you're at at any point in time. That's a dot. It's all about lines. So we're here for the Delta. We're here to look at the progress and it's the same for investors, or any sort of thing that you do outside of this, and just kind of keep that in mind. It's not any specific place you're at. It's like the journey, and where you're going to be over time.
George H: Yeah. So for any like on the due diligence front. So you, some of you are going to raise capital
George H: and you're gonna be talking to investors. They're going to want to see the bread crumbs of your progress. Not just the moment like I'm here. I have revenue. I have this. It's like, yeah. But how did you get it?
George H: All right? What are the inputs? How do you think? How long did it take you? What lessons have you learned along the way? When do you screw up? So there's going to be a lot more nuance around your journey that should be well documented, and you'd be mindful of, and not. Just consider a moment in time the point of problem.
George H: We'll talk you through that. But it's a really important point to determine.
George H: You'll hear us say this a lot during program
George H: cool few final things. Right? Yeah, these are, we can just click. Yeah, no, this is good, though. I I like this is my favorite part. Okay, getting the most out of Texas. This is some advice from central, right from David Khan. I think we wrote this a long time ago
George H: get something out of everything. I think we wrote this. I think so. I'm pretty sure we did, because the next one is definitely what we said, I don't know. We've used this deck for so long. I don't
George H: getting the most out of Texas, so get something out of everything. I challenge you all, some of my favorite founders have come to me. I'm going to miss this session because I already know it.
George H: Oh, okay, that's okay. Yeah. And then they come back a couple of weeks later, like, Oh, I need help with this. Oh, I thought you already knew it like, you know it's it. They regret doing that. So try to try to put your humility cap on, even if some of you have a background like we have some marketing experts in the back. I'm sure that you can learn stuff from our marketing workshops, because it's such diverse perspectives that everyone we bring in are bring something that you guys haven't heard before, even if you have a background in something.
George H: and also something that might seem irrelevant to your business progress at the moment. That's a huge one. So people are like, Oh, I'm only focused on like building product right now. So I don't care about this customer stuff, or I'm heads down in fundraising. So I don't need to know about sales. You will need to know, because every single thing we're teaching you is fundamental. We don't really require any sort of thing that might be optional or on the fringe. Everything is foundational. So every single thing, even if it's a bad meeting.
George H: even if it's like an interaction with a mentor that didn't go so well. You can get something out of that, too.
George H: Right? So I I do. We're challenging you, not just on like the the programming side, but also like in an interaction. What can you learn from having an interaction with someone that didn't go the way you plan or that you want, you can reflect that back on yourself and go. Is there something I could have done to maneuver this into something more meaningful or valuable. Should I have called it early? Should I interjected, or brought something up? Should I just politely decline having this conversation? I've looked up more about this person before you know what I mean like. There's so many other things that you can do
George H: to enhance your ability as a business owner.
George H: to refine who you are and how you operate. So just keep that in mind. There's like a Meta level here, not just the the interaction itself that I'm talking about.
George H: and I'll reiterate that when we prep you for absolutely, because it'll happen you will have an interaction here that you're like. That wasn't useful to me.
George H: That's gonna happen, no matter what happens with every single one of us. So just know how to navigate that in a way where you still get something out of that.
George H: Get close to each other. The number one value you're going to get from tech stars are the people that are in your class. Look around. We're not just saying, yeah, we're not just saying that that is literally
George H: number one. Every single time the exit survey exit feedback, every founder. What was Number one that they didn't even expect? They thought Texas great. Help me fundraise. They taught me cool skills. None of that's more important than the connection that you all form with each other.
George H: Nothing even comes close. So not even for us, like we want it. We're your friends, we. I want to be friends with you, but you all, and your connection with each other is even stronger.
George H: So just know that that's truly what you're getting at. That's why we take so much care and investment into fostering that for you guys. So a lot of the stuff in program is geared specifically toward you guys getting closer, because that's the number one value you're going to get. And that's what's going to open doors down the road. Is your class
George H: present and intellectually honest. So we talked about being present. Right? We talked about what engagement means, like, you guys are here. I see you all looking at me. You're very present intellectually honest. This is very important. A lot of people are afraid to tell us the real truth.
George H: the more honest you can be intellectually, the better. So when something comes up something happens. You have a struggle the more open and upfront you can be where we're not super intimidating, pretty open to. We've heard it all, I promise you. Yes, being the most intellectually honest and upfront you can be, is the best thing you can do. We've had lots of situations where founders were less than intellectually honest. And it's just not great for you or us. Yup, you! You can't surprise us.
George H: and if there's anything you're not sure whether to talk to us about like you should. Because
George H: I think you you might be pleasantly surprised at how we were able to like, try to support you and respond. We've had a few founders that reach out to us too little too late about an issue or a challenge they had where we could have helped a lot had we known sooner.
George H: Examples like without any names would be like, someone has a job we didn't know about. They have a whole other job while they're doing this. They didn't like. Tell us. You know, not putting anyone out there. I'm not trying to put anybody on blast.
George H: Well, I won't name names, but like we did have a founder who, in a session like out of nowhere, just like mentioned casually
George H: that he has almost a hundred $1,000 in credit card debt.
George H: And I was like.
George H: Oh, thanks.
George H: yeah, perfect. And and I was like, Oh, no like, there's a way there. It turns out that we have mentors who've been in that situation, who literally work with investors on a plan to like
George H: get out of that. And it's actually okay. But if you are delusional about it.
George H: then we can't help, or you don't bring it up until you don't bring it up until it's too late. Yeah. So like, please just know that we know things can be very challenging personally, and we're here to support each of you to the extent that we can.
George H: Yeah, I think, going through things personally that really affect your work. And we're wondering what's going on. You're not upfront, having co-founder issues that you try to hide for some reason which you're literally here like, let us help you. It shows there are things like that. And when it comes out. We wish we would have known soon as we could help you.
George H: Yeah.
George H: Well.
George H: get the most out of meetings. It's the same as like, get something out of everything.
George H: Get mentors, I mean. So if it's not the connection with each other, this is the other thing that comes out of tech stars, which is like it's not like how good we are. It's how well you establish relationships with key people in this network and community.
George H: So it's a mentorship driven accelerator. That's the big like kind of promise that we have as a company. But it's a 2 way street, meaning we don't just give you mentors, and they're awesome. There's a like. You have to decide that you are a good fit, and you have to show up just as much as them to make that right.
George H: And it's not just you showing up to them. We're also not giving you mentors on a platter like we are in mentor madness.
George H: But we're not giving you any personal mentors who are going to click with you like, Hey, these are your assigned mentors, and they're here to help you. It's up to you guys. So you'll have lots of ways to do that. It's like following up with people we give you in mentor madness. There's also ad hoc, mentoring which the Handbook talks about. We're going to give you a list of all our mentors. And you guys get to choose who you'd like a warm intro to. But a lot of people come in, and they say, like Liliana, and you haven't given me my mentors like, when do I get my assigned mentors.
George H: It's not like that. You guys are founders. You build that relationship. We just open. Yeah, it's not like you hold your mouth open and we put a spoon in it. You know what I mean. I think some people think that though there are some people who literally think that that's what it's like like. Just give me mentors. Give me things. I'm in tech stars like, just treat me, please. I'm like, I'm sorry, like we are not like that. I've said that multiple times, and you'll see that's true.
George H: Okay, this week. It's in person. We have like 3 slides left. We're almost done. I know I feel energy like I'm like they need like coffee boost
George H: this week is in person week. If you have any questions with the whole schedule, it's kind of hectic just ping me or any member of our team
George H: the convertible note people were asking about this last week. Yeah, again. So Friday, any questions about this.
George H: I think made it pretty clear. Yeah, I guess. Get the paper. Will we get the paperwork to review that before Friday? Or I think it's all already sent to you. Agent Leonard was talking about where you could find it when you were asking, Do you want to reiterate?
George H: Yeah, you can either email, the legal boss. But you may have already signed something within your board resolution.
George H: So just check. They haven't sent me anything yet. I reached out to her Thursday. So I'll follow up. Okay, yeah, let us know if you need help.
George H: Okay, your weekly company update. So any, this was your question, here's your slide. So a lot of you are either not sending any updates or you're sending monthly updates. When we say updates, we're talking about company updates, status of your company from now on, while you're in Tech Center, you're expected to send weekly updates starting this week week one.
George H: We'll have a whole session this afternoon on this. I'm not going to harp on it. I'm literally not even going to talk more than this slide. But you're going to switch to weekly after the program you can switch back to monthly or quarterly. That's what's the expectation. Tech stars will read them, and they'll let me know if you guys are not sending them. It's just an expectation for us as your newest investors, so we'll have a whole 90 min session on that in a couple of hours.
George H: and this is fantastic.
George H: I know we haven't gotten much done yet. We're just talking to you, but I'm sure it! Most days will feel a little different than today.
George H: Cool, that's it. Alright. Any questions in general about anything before we go?
George H: Yeah, what about the Irs? Yeah, I'm gonna have a prep session tomorrow about the irs like I'll talk for like 30 min about it. You'll get assigned in week 2, and you'll start having your one on ones in week 2, but we won't start Kpis with them until week 3,
George H: and the way it will work is you'll all meet with all 3 eirs, but it'll be rotational. So you'll be in a group of 4, and that's who you'll meet with your kpis every week. You'll have lots of little groups. So you're gonna have small groups this afternoon that's completely separate. Then you'll have your Eir groups, and there'll be lots of different ways that you can mingle with each other in these different groups, and we're very intentional about how we assign them.
George H: So you'll get an Eir group that'll be who you present your Apis with, but you also get a 1 on one eir every week, and that's just you and the and they'll meet one tomorrow, and they'll meet the other 2 this weekend.
George H: That's so true. Yeah, David is one of our eirs. He's doing this session tomorrow morning the choctave and then the other 2 are coming on the retreat.
George H: David is very sad. He couldn't come, but he has a party.
George H: Any other question. That was a great question.
George H: I'm sure there are lots, so don't be afraid. I've got a quick one. We've been talking about this. I'm sorry if I missed this before. But
George H: are we joining each of the mentor conversations as a startup or as individuals. Yeah, you didn't miss that, and I'll go over it on Friday. But you guys are going as a team or more than 3 suggested 2.
George H: We have a whole session about it and what we. It's a point of pride for us mentor madness because the feedback we get from our mentors is that
George H: it's the most well run
George H: well, run like session that they've had cause they they usually mentioned for multiple tech starts programs. And like, there's something different about how you all show up to our sessions that the mentors really appreciate. It's because of how we prepare you Friday morning, you you should come with like your notepad, and like Ready, before we leave for the retreat. My session I'll do at 9 Am. Very important, and I'm doing it before we leave for the retreat, so that you guys have all that info going into week 2,
George H: so you can prepare all week. 2. It's amazing how many people screw up 1st impressions and like initial meetings with people and like they don't know how to introduce themselves or like how to engage with the person right away. So we'll we'll help you with all that
George H: request.
George H: I'm sure everyone has the same questions. So if you you have something. Just ask me. No stone unturned.
George H: Cool, I guess. So. The rest of the day we have the updates in the afternoon. We've got the small group meetings, and then we've got this evening. I think we're doing. Yeah, we have a lot more things, so we'll meet back here at one. We don't have the group photo anymore, because we already took it. So we'll send that out. At one. We're going to do sending killer updates up here.
George H: That'll teach you about your weekly update. So just meet back in here with your notepads and anything at one pm, then we're going to do small groups after that, at 3 Pm. And a couple of you have Okr meetings with the team, and then we're going to meet at Ocean beach at 6.
George H: Cool.
George H: Alright. Y'all welcome to Techstar.
George H: I'm doing separately, I think.